We are witnessing a new global epidemic where now more than ever,
people are feeling disenfranchised in their lives.
They're feeling a lack of contentment feeling that they're not living their true
life purpose. And in this video,
I'm gonna share with you on how to identify what your life purpose is.
But first let's discuss the obvious the world's getting crazy year.
People are working themselves to the bone and they're asking themselves, well,
is light.
Is there more to life than just working five days a week for the weekend?
And of course for the paycheck, I mean, we're seeing how the surveys are done,
where it's not just millennials, by the way,
where job dissatisfaction and disengagement is soaring,
where you have nearly three outta four people Essent that just don't like what
they do for a living.
Or if you look at the fact that depression rates have skyrocketed over the last
decade, but nowhere,
is it more apparent when you look at the fact that people are dying with
regrets, they're not living their lives. And like I said,
this is a true epidemic. There have been surveys conducted at various hospitals.
And hospice cares. People are asked, who are on their deathbed.
They know that they're on their way out.
And they're asked if they could go back in their lives and do something
different. What, what do they wish they could do different?
And what's amazing is that there were five answers that were so common.
Let me just show you answer. Number one, which was the most common, which is,
I wish I had the courage to live a life true to my self.
Not the life others expected of me. I'm gonna discuss that,
cuz that's incredibly important. But then to get through the others,
the other four first number two, I wish I hadn't worked so hard.
Number three, I wish I had the courage to express my feelings. Four.
I wish I had stayed in touch with my friends and five.
I wish I had let myself be happier now real quick, three,
maybe four of these you could argue are straight up work or career related.
I mean, come on. I wish I had stayed in touch with friends. Let's be honest.
You don't see your friends as much because you work so much. Right? Number five.
I wish I let myself be happier. Uh, well, okay.
So you spent most of your life working for a job that you didn't love right
there. You, so let me get back to number one real quick.
I wish I had the courage to live a life true to myself and not the life others
expected in me. I mean,
how many people choose a career path because of their parents pushed them into
it or maybe they went to school thinking that was the way to go or society as a
whole. We don't, we don't think for ourselves. I mean,
I love this quote by Ralph Waldo Emerson,
to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else
is the greatest accomplishment and how true this is.
It's always the people that are trying to fit in and just coast through society
and check off the boxes, right? But where's that getting us again?
People are dying with regrets and,
and what now more than ever are living this with this lack of purpose in their
life. What we have to start asking ourselves is who do we want to be? Not what,
but who, because we have free,
will we have choices and today can be the choice that you make to decide to
decide that you know what, I'm not happy in my life.
There are other things that I dream about doing and I just don't do. And why,
why don't you do it well for a bunch of reasons you can't because of, uh,
you can't sacrifice the pay or you're just not in a position to be able to do it
right now. And you put things off and it never gets done.
And before you know it,
you're one of these people on their death beds dying with your own regrets.
You have to realize that any dream that you have,
that you want is absolutely possible. And it's you,
that's creating the obstacles because of your preconceived notions and life
experience. You think that, you know what,
because something's not in front of you. That's so obvious.
It's not apparent on how to do it,
that you assume that it's not possible when it is. You have to get creative.
But ultimately it's our fears that get the best of us that prevent us from doing
this. There's a quote by Les brown,
which is too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our
fears. I mean, think about this.
It's self-doubt that we gets in our mind that we can't do this because we're
either worried what others will think, or we're worried about failure.
Self-doubt kills more dreams than any failure ever will. In fact,
then you get into another quote real quick by Les brown,
which is the wealthiest place on the planet is the graveyard.
Because in the graveyard we find inventions that we were never exposed to ideas.
Dreams never became a reality hopes and aspirations that were never acted
upon. Think about that. How people including yourself,
wish that they could do something different. And we just don't do it.
Imagine how much this world has been robbed of whether it's the cure for cancer
or whatever it is because people decided to take the easy path they had
self-doubt they had fear. In fact,
this reminds me of a quote by Aristo Sharon a second,
which is that a lot of people are afraid of criticism.
They afraid what other people are gonna think.
If they decided to just go their own way, because that's not Frank,
get the answer. The number one answer to people's greatest regret,
which is that they wish that they had lived a life for themselves and not what
other people have wanted out of them. They didn't think for themselves,
they were too afraid of not fitting in. Well, like Aristotle said,
there is only one way to avoid criticism. Do nothing,
say nothing and be nothing.
And a big part of what it comes down to is having self trust,
to trust your instincts, to trust your intuition.
You have to listen to yourself and know what it is that you want because
otherwise how's the world gonna treat you. We're seeing this again,
it's an epidemic.
And now is the time for people to start making real change changes in their
life. Today is the day that you decide, you know what?
I'm not completely content in my life. There are things that I really wanna do.
I have dreams and I'm not gonna be that guy on my deathbed or that girl or
whoever that has these regrets. So this is the part where people are wondering,
well, wait a second. What does this mean though?
How do I turn this into making money and surviving?
Because it's so easy to say when you're not the one that has bills and how am I
gonna support my family and do all this.
It's too late for me to make these changes. Uh, no, it's not.
It's never too late.
The obstacles are blinding you that you're not seeing the other possibilities
that can get you there. It's the same thing that's worked out in my life.
I went back to school because I thought I wanted to be Mr. Corporate America
make a bunch of money sitting behind a desk until I realized that was gonna
bring me nothing but suffering. And it was,
I was living a miserable life and I couldn't figure out why.
And the reason is is that I,
I felt like I didn't make any decisions in my life to where I was that were
thought of on my own. I listened to what other people thought I should do.
And I didn't think for myself, but like I said earlier in the video,
how do you find your life purpose? Well, there's a series of questions,
four questions. In fact, look at this ven diagram,
what do you love doing? What do you good at? What does the world need?
And what can you be paid for those or questions or what you have to explore on
your own just as I did. And this has worked incredibly effective for me,
although it didn't work in one day either,
but you have to look at various things like what is it that you truly love?
What are you passionate about?
Ask yourself the times in your life that you were most proud of yourself.
What was that?
What were you doing or also times in your life that you were the most
happy? What did that look like? What was your life at that time?
What were you doing?
You just have to get creative and think outside the box on how you can make that
your own. In fact, that reminds me of another quote.
And this is by Joseph Campbell, for sure.
Which is you are the hero of your own story.
You need to map out your life as if you're watching a movie that you would love
an entertaining movie, whatever that may be your storyline and you have free,
will it cannot be overstated.
And how significant that is that most people don't realize that you always have
a choice. You are empowered with reason.
You are empowered with knowledge and intellectual capabilities as being a human
being, right? <affirmative> you always have a choice.
And even when you think that the choices are limited, you always have a choice.
So now is the time for people to start waking up and realizing and taking
control of their own lives, live their life.
Like it's the story or a movie that you would watch, right?
It can be full of adventure. It can be full of whatever it is,
but you can become that I'm on the path to doing it. I'm gonna prove it.
So if I can do it and, and, and I have so many things to share about myself.
So I look forward to developing this channel and sharing more about me and my
journey and how I came to this. And so look forward to all that,
but you can do it if I can do it. So can you,
because the last thing you wanna do is become the,
these people that are dying on their death beds. So again,
there are four questions you have to ask yourself, what do you love doing?
Spend time pondering this? You won't figure out in one day,
because there are so many things that you probably love, right?
What are you good at? Well, I'm sure you realize things that you're not good at.
And you're probably thinking, well, I'm good at a bunch of things,
but you have to combine that. And again, it goes back to the VE diagram,
combine all four of these questions. What does the world need?
And how can I make money doing it when you combine these four things?
And this actually is something that I used that took me, oh man,
many weeks of pondering over months and months to be able to figure it out.
So it's something.
You might not be able to figure out in one day, but the bottom line is this.
The world's getting crazy.
We all have choices and the world is what we make of it.
And your life is your own story. It's your own journey.
And don't become part of this demographic of people that are falling into
depression that are falling into disengagement at work.
Cuz I know that many people watching this are, but you have a choice.
And today is the day that you decide, you know what?
I'm gonna identify what my life purpose is.
I'm gonna learn what my life purpose is and I'm going to live it.
I'll leave it at that guys. I'm Jimmy, this is bright insight.
I look forward to reading comments on this and I hope this brings fulfillment to
somebody. This video might not be for everyone,
but I'm sure that if it's not for you,
it certainly for somebody that you know in your own life,
but I'll leave it at that.
I have many videos to come and hold wide variety of topics.
Take care of everybody.